the temperature in estepona for six
days has been
fifteen
25 22
18 and 20
It is worth calculating the average fashion and
median of that distribution for
calculate the average that needs to be done
and add all the numbers and divide it
between how much
120 in 36 how much is
how much is 120 between 6 does not do it
lack of calculator
I just had to remember the table
multiply that number x 6 of 12
2 and 0
The average temperature is 20 degrees
to calculate fashion
what number is repeated more
twenty
because it is twice and to do in the
medium you have to do
I have explained it to you already
tell me no, that's not what the
median has not said the median
first the numbers are ordered from the
smaller to the largest
15 18 20
20 22 and 25
and the number that is between
what number is in the middle
and the 220 s are added
very well
40 between 12 and 20 first next
shot a die
and you have to write what
we are doing
so that later you can go over in your house
the exercises
I have not seen you write this one
written because this one you're going to write
we throw a dice
ten times
and we go out
the following numbers
63 44
6 2 2 1
make a table with the absolute frequency
and the relative frequency of each number
the absolute frequency
the die has six faces
the absolute frequency is achieved
counting each the one I put
sticks once on 6 once on 3 on 4
the 4
is 6
the 2 the 2 the 1 and the 4
and the absolute frequency is the number of
sticks
twenty-one
and what is the relative frequency
the relative frequency is the frequency
absolute match the total of numbers 2
match 10
2 matches 10
1 game 10
match 10
but party 10
and it is already
if you want, you put it in decimal form
and the sum of all the frequencies
relative has to be 102 040 508
+ 0 2 1
and this is the whole subject